feat(php): added doc (#207)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org: docs/en-US/config.yml.md

  - one.wordpress.test
```

### php

> This option is similar to the previous one, the difference is that let you to set the PHP vverson to use during the provisiong of that site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is similar to the previous one, the difference is that it lets you to set the PHP version to use during the provisioning of that site.
```

Reviewer: note that this isn't actually true, this is meant to set both the PHP version during provisioning _**and**_ when it runs in the browser. It's intended as a complete replacement of `nginx_upstream`.

IMO this also shouldn't be added until it reaches the `stable` branch, and it needs the version it's available from listed.
